=head1 NAME

dccp2tcp - convert DCCP packet captures to TCP captures for analysis with B<tcptrace>

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<dccp2tcp> [-d] [-y] [-g] [-s] I<input_file> I<output_file> 

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<dccp2tcp> takes a tcpdump packet capture of DCCP connections and converts it to a symantically
equivalent TCP capture for analysis using standard TCP tools like B<tcptrace>.

In order to utilize this program effectively you will also need B<tcptrace>, which you can download
from http://www.tcptrace.org and the version of B<xplot> available from http://www.tcptrace.org under
"Useful Companion Programs".

B<dccp2tcp> only supports DCCP CCID 2 with 48 bit sequence numbers at this time. Further, checksums are
not computed on the output packets---they are simply zeroed.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 5

=item B<-d>
	
Debug, repeat for additional verbosity

=item B<-y>

Shift the window line (yellow) in B<tcptrace> to the highest received acknowledgment.
Normally this line is just a constant amount more than the ack number(i.e. useless).

=item B<-g>

Shift the ack line (green) in B<tcptrace> to the highest received acknowledgment.
Normally this line is the standard TCP ack number, which, for DCCP, translates to
the highest contiguous acknowledgement in the ack vector.

=item B<-s>

Converts the DCCP ack vector to TCP SACK blocks. Specify B<-s> twice to only see
those Ack vectors with loss intervals in them.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Samuel Jero <sj323707@ohio.edu>

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<tcptrace>(1), B<xplot>(1)
